hey guys clutter six and welcome to
let's play lego harry potter here's one
through four this is part 13 in the last
episode we got up to Voldemort's layer
if you will and right now we're just
going to kill it should not take very
long
um I'm thinking place Hermione but what
so pretty much all you do is avoid his
fireballs and then the person that you
jump over and touch him easy-peasy
yes I just said easy-peasy by the way
this is super super easy
to just one more time and that's it guys
yeah I might fall on this one I'm not
agreeing
really had depth perception
come on
of course I got it he doesn't happen
ah damn it I've lame boat's place let's
play curse and I coined that term from
player try to look first let's player
I've ever watched he's a big fan of the
Pokemon
it's not fun
there we go great he's dead
parents very much oh so it's just a
little
he was weak son
blah blah blah blah blah Ezra continues
are just a cutscene I don't remember
yeah
mmm
huh
huh is that
oh yeah he's friends Wow
Greg thoughts look I've never actually
had them I refuse
haha
that's it yours your one is complete um
I guess I'll just in the video here it's
gonna be a short one but I'm that's okay
in the next part i'll probably just
explore a little bit before i go into
your two and it's about it since I soft
time I'm going to ask one more time is
it a good idea to have a Collider 6
facebook page that has updates and
schedule times and some of that when I
met recording or when I promise I'll
have another video out or you can just
just a place where you guys can interact
at me interactive you let me know if
it's a good idea I think that's it i'm
not gonna think when i watch the end
credits so uh see if i can skip it i Ken
that's a pathetic number guys I know but
i'll i'll see you guys out here to buy